API-5622 Replace customer::fields with session_fields. (#594)
livechat/livechat-public-docs: content/messaging/agent-chat-api/changelog/index.mdx

- The [**Property**](/messaging/agent-chat-api/v3.2/#properties) data structure now has the same format in requests as in responses and pushes.
- There's a new parameter `id` in the [Form field](/messaging/agent-chat-api/v3.2/#form-fields) data structure (`fields.answer.id` for the `group_chooser` field type).  It's an identifier for each option Customers can choose.
- The **Add User to Chat** method ([Web](/messaging/agent-chat-api/v3.2/#add-user-to-chat) & [RTM](/messaging/agent-chat-api/v3.2/rtm-reference/#add-user-to-chat)) accepts an optional parameter `require_active_thread`.

> - Each method, response and push that deals with a variation of customer's fields had that field renamed to `session_fields` and its format changed. It's now an array that respects the item order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Each method, response, and push that deals with a variation of customer `fields` had this field renamed to `session_fields` and its format changed. It's now an array that respects the item order.
```
